When I design software, my first approach is to read all the documents to understand the requirements to define the goal and if my ability is up to standard. Thus, I can plan accordingly to seek resources and support to complete the project punctually.   
A while ago, I was introduced to waterfall and agile methodologies. Since then, I have been using a hybrid method between the two for most of my projects. I follow waterfall techniques to better understand the detailed documents to predict the project process. I used the iterative and breakdown work method comprised of the Agile technique to build the project. (Analyze, Prediction, Code, test, and iterate any process at any point)
The first approach strategy I used to develop the 3D was to go into all the modules and skim through the assignments, milestones, and project requirements. I learned that I would use geometric shapes and shaders (color, texture, and lights) to model the 3D scene, which I was quite unfamiliar with, so I inaugural many graphs and research before the development. 
Throughout the milestone, I repeatedly tested to ensure code execution appropriately without errors and with proper output. There was often no executive error, but the output was improper. Like, on one occasion, I was able to wrap the texture on one object, and the other items turned brown or black—another event where the textures had a stretched look on the item due to incorrect coordinate matrices. 
All in all, Computational Graphics and visualization have taught me many new knowledge and skills. Such as code structure, reuse classes and functions, problem-solving, perseverance, and critical thinking skills. These skills are going to be helpful for my future educationally and professionally. 

